don't bring anyone love into this by the
way we're talking about just what do you
how do you feel about this did you read
any of the Harvey Weinstein stuff yeah I
mean I I did it's so great it's so funny
because people don't know we should
introduce that is Harvey Weinstein
founded Miramax the film production the
Playboy the film industry and Miramax
eventually sold to Disney and then he
started he founded the Weinstein Company
with his brother and they're you know
they're big-time Hollywood producers
what they're they make movies they're
movie producers they you know his early
stuff was like he did all of Quentin
Tarantino stuff so he did pulp fiction
he's done the whole Tarantino catalogue
he did clerks he's done a bunch of Matt
Damon movies I mean they're he's
big-time so you look up Harvey Weinstein
and the weinstein company you see that
every to every movie right it used to be
Miramax which was his let's see let me
just to give you I mean I want to give
you like a full full you know idea of
those fart Mike's installed you know is
that just a pipe dream they have to like
a double side his IMDB you know it's not
even like one list of things it is it's
just every every movie those guys did
it's so many movies man let's I'm trying
to look for like the the huge Wow
Mandela thing here oh the butler I think
that won an Oscar let's see Kengo
Unchained silver linings playbook how's
that one that's a good one Big Ang you
know man I love that show I miss you
rest in peace Big Ang scream all good
things the fighter the King speech I
think that won an Oscar or at least
write actor one alright
it alright well you get the point it's
dozens and literally dozens and hundreds
of movies is what he's produced hundreds
of movies anyways so it just came out
that he has been sexually harassing I
guess it's like a big open Hollywood
secret he's been sexually harassing
harassing women for years for everyone
from interns to actresses to co-workers
all these people he's had eight
settlements yeah then he released the
weirdest statement where he was like I
didn't behave the way I should have I'm
working on that and now I'm gonna go
after the NRA like a total no he took
time off is this before the NRA he takes
time off right no now he's just
distracting people with that all right
yeah that's a total nonsensical
thing to do it's saying don't be mad at
like you're mad at me for doing this
thing but guess what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna do something that you can get
behind right I'm gonna go after the NRA
I absolute nonsense and if you
fall you know he wants you to fall for
that like well he's gonna go out he's
gonna go after these gun lobbyists it's
just to get you to not think about smoke
and mirrors guys yeah after that was
released more women came forward and
then a couple where it wasn't like like
where he cornered someone and jerked off
out in a plant in a restaurant and then
and then a couple others and then the
board of directors at that company fired
him because it finally went public yeah
they know of course I mean everybody
knew no one gave a until it was
made public and they want to be held
accountable but anyway I mean if you're
gonna get into the movie producing
business there's no way you get into it
people well especially if you're a
machine right it old nebbishy
unattractive that's why you become a big
movie producer so you can be like look
do you
apart in this movie you gotta suck my
stuff now I have come all over my face
right right and now you have a part in a
movie right yeah but but now here's the
thing
I honestly think that's an even exchange
which is which one which is hey if you
suck my stuff you get to be a star in my
movie
and then the girl yeah that's totally
fine that's how you feel of course
because this is this is show
business is the most corrupt and stupid
thing in the in the world yeah
and that that's just how are you saying
people don't sleep with each other every
day
of course I think no no no but I feel
like it's at least a more honest way of
dealing with like in our business
everything else is such yeah
like sometimes I kind of wish some would
have been like look do you you
want this deal yeah what I have to do
for it you just
I got a jerk off in this plant you got a
watch they are okay that's it and then
we're straight though everything's like
on one level yeah yeah it's a way more
honest way of doing things
didn't take us long to if somebody were
to offer that yeah yeah you have to
struggle all these years that's what I'm
saying get a special you know that's
what took me so long to get that I was
like who's ticked away I just show me
the dick I know who who would Netflix
today you know who think you can go yeah
right here I would have done it ages ago
instead this a clean system of you know
normal deals and this and that
I don't you check with me though right
yeah didn't yeah maybe you but you
wouldn't say no would you know I
would've been like yeah do it
look there's this guy he said he's gonna
make it special for me yeah great he was
like I got a jerk-off like I own me your
son fine yeah but who is it is it like a
big producer like a big producer yeah
yeah of course yeah but then then you're
out then the deal is like again it's the
Larry Flynt School of Business where
it's like it's a it's an it's a contract
look I went to law school for two weeks
here's what I learned a contract is an
exchange of something for something else
right very cut and dry you give me this
I give you that that's right right you
give the guy a handjob you get a part in
a movie
it's so clean I can't that
happen more I'm sure
us I mean I'd like a part of movie what
who do I have to I know right I wish she
was attracted to me he's not he's in the
he's in the pretty girls how about like
41 year old moms yeah for sure
yeah for sure and I love her you know
the look Hollywood has never been known
for being a non corrupt horseshit
business you know like actresses are
like I can't believe it he invited me to
his hotel room yeah well why did you go
to his hotel room oh well like you know
what I mean you'd think that was where
the business deal happens come on up
yeah no Ashley Judd came out and she
said that it was a weird you know she
goes I I went to the hotel to meet him
and I come up to the go up to the suite
he was like she was like okay and he was
in his robe it's like she had to
to get out of there she's and
she's a legit talent like she she
doesn't need to suck his dick no of
course not
no but yeah I mean he's uh he's out he's
out now and there's so many other dudes
doing that stuff oh yeah a lot of guys
doing that a lot of guys forcing their
dick and balls on you that's the thing
the world is always gonna be full of
creepers I mean I hope to some extent we
can wait them out by shaming them like
we are now creepers in a position of
power is scary though that's all they're
always gonna be yeah dudes that are
powerful are going to some of them are
gonna abused that I know it's too bad
creepers
[Music]